and right here you have your secant
track your fast forward and your six
preset stations your information right
here you have your stand standard air
conditioning controls it is optional
actually for the Elantra push for air
conditioning temperature your fan speed
recycling your different zones front
defrost rear defrost max a/c and off you
have a good amount of storage right here
also up here with your clock located
right there an ashtray two 12-volt power
outlets
your ebrake your center console pretty
deep
and in this Elantra you have the
optional four-speed automatic
transmission Park reverse neutral drive
3 2 and low gear selection so let's go
ahead and check out the engine
it's a 2.0 liter inline four-cylinder
engine with continually variable valve
timing a dual overhead cam and it
produces 138 horsepower with EPA
estimates of 28 miles to the gallon city
and 36 on the highway like I said it is
mated with a four-speed automatic
transmission right here you have your
fuel cap release your manual height
adjustment as well as your back recliner
and your middle seat adjustment so let's
go ahead and check out the rest of the
launch power windows the seeds are very
roomy back here
pretty plush with a cargo net cold
Huck's
it's a pretty nice - design layout
cupholders
and pop the trunk Ferguson just hit this
button here here's our fuel cap and jump
pops open yeah pretty good amount of
trunk space and you have 60/40 split
folding seats and together full push up
having to seat a little bit with an
average amount of trunk pass through
space it's covered in a nice material so
it won't damage your seats
same manual seek adjustments as a driver
code hook Sun Visor with vanity mirror
as well as a light and right here of
storage as well as the drivers sunglass
storage hope you guys enjoy this
in-depth tour of the 2008 Hyundai
Elantra GLS see you guys next